Update nextcloud package docs (#1147)
nextcloud/neon: packages/nextcloud/README.md

```
You can either remove the `ref` or use a commit hash. It's not recommended to remove it, because then the version will be updated very often.

## Usage

### Authentication

There are multiple ways to authenticate.  
First there is HTTP Basic auth which works with the normal user credentials (e-mail and other identifiers also work):
```dart
final client = NextcloudClient(
    Uri.parse('http://localhost'),
    loginName: 'admin',
    password: 'admin',
);
```

Secondly there is Http Bearer auth which works with app passwords:
```dart
final client = NextcloudClient(
    Uri.parse('http://localhost'),
    loginName: 'admin',
    appPassword: 'xxxxx-xxxxx-xxxxx-xxxx-xxxxx',
);
```

Not all endpoints work with just HTTP Basic auth, so it is advised to use app passwords obtained either directly in the Web UI by the user or using the [login flow](https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/latest/developer_manual/client_apis/LoginFlow/index.html#login-flow-v2).  

> Some endpoints do not need any authentication at all or provided extended information when the request is authenticated.

Reviewer: This sounds off. I guess you mean (but I'm not sure):
```suggestion
Some endpoints do not need any authentication at all or provide extended information when the request needs to be authenticated.
```

Author: `is` is correct. The request can be optionally authenticated and in that case it will return more information.

### Endpoints

It is not guaranteed that an API request will work unless the app is installed and enabled on the server (and has a supported version).  

To get an easier overview of the available endpoints you can browse the [server OpenAPI documentation](https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/latest/developer_manual/_static/openapi.html), but be aware that the package might not be in sync with it.  
Alternatively you can also go to https://pub.dev/documentation/nextcloud/latest (once the package has been republished at https://pub.dev/packages/nextcloud).

The endpoints are grouped by app and most apps also group their endpoints again.
They can be accessed using getters on the `NextcloudClient`.

> For an example checkout the [example](./example/example.dart).  

Reviewer: What's the benefit of mentioning this?

Author: Only mentioning the petstore example could lead people to think that it's the only example we have. We can also remove this if you like

Reviewer: Ok my fat fingers somehow messed up the lines.

I don't think we should mention the pet store example at all. The example under `./example` is ok to mention.
The petstore has nothing to with the nextcloud packge and I don't know who it would benefit.

Author: Ah true, it really makes no sense haha. I messed that one up
